May 9th, 2021

As of now, our project is complete and working as intended. This document will detail what we have ended up implementing in comparison to what we set out to do in our project proposal. 
In our proposal, we set out to create a route finding program that would find the shortest real world route between any two airports in the OpenFlights aiports dataset of about 7000 airports that found at https://openflights.org/data.html. This included a base structure of a Graph data structure that represented the world's airports and all the possible routes between them that exist as of 2017, a Breadth First traversal of the graph, a shortest path algoritm, and an algorithm that graphically displays what our program is meant to output. 
Naturally, we came across some hiccups when working on most of these algorithms, and the Graph data structure and its constructor was no different, but we ended up successfully processing our dataset of airports and routes from a CSV text file to a Graph of our own implementation. By default, this graph represents the network of airports around the world, but it is designed to take in any appropriately formatted input text file and make a similar structure. This can be tested using our test suite that ranges from very simple test cases to a test on the entire dataset using `./test [graph]`.
Once our graph data structure was fully functioning as expected per the test cases, we implemented the BFS algorithm part of our project, which successfully takes in the input of a graph and outputs a vector of the nodes it traversed in the order they were traversed. This BFS algorithm has a standalone component, but it was also eventually embedded into our shortest path algorithm as well. There is a test case for the BFS algorithm, but the most solid proof of its function lies in the correct functioning of the shortest path algorithm.
The shortest path algorithm, which we decided should be an implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, also was another bigger aspect of our project that took more time to get fully working. Though it was originally its own class, it ended up being a (rather large) extension of the Graph class. Since the algorithm is so heavily based in the actual graph structure itself, we thought it would be appropriate to do so. There are a few test cases for this algorithm that can be executed using `./test [dijkstra]`.
The graphical representation algorithm is what really ties our product together into one tangibly and fully functional program like a fruit of our hard work. Up to this point, a lot of our work had effects and results that were hard to see and materialize apart from our test cases. Our MapPrinter class is able to map any sequence of routes on a map. The rest of our program uses this functionality to graphically output to the user the shortest real route between any two airports of their choosing. It provides the real proof for all of our work to this point, as it shows that it can consistently output correct outputs tied together by all the other algorithms that are readily interpretable to the user as an image of the world map. This can be tested by interacting with the user interface built in through the console using `./finalproj`.
